Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, in this lecture, we're going to redesign off screen.
Now, what you can do over here.
Now we can use Control V to make this smaller.
Now very hot footer.
We can see we can see the hot footer once again.
Just do that.
Two seats over the screen.
We can just create a new Phi and call this Phi probably sign.
I've just got to give it like this.
Okay.
I want still hot for that typed up here.
So that was the reason I did something like this.
So now over this odd footer are going to create a new FY and over call this FY sign up.
Dot, dot.
Okay.
Now, if for any reason this sign off is not the same structure, you can easily just move this to the
odd footer.
Now we are going to delete this.
Okay.
Good.
Now the sign of the that fi what we can do we can use is tip this widget.
S t l that this widget as well.
Call this sign up.
Okay.
Now, over here are the needs control and that supports the material that that package.
Control and Dot.
Okay.
Great.
If we turn in the container, we can reach on the scaffold.
So we have access to lots of properties.
Okay.
So we're going to have lots of lots of questions, right?
Now I'm going to say, buddy, okay, this is going to be a container.
Okay.
Container.
Okay, great.
We're going to go to our slogans before they we're going to lose control and ask to save everybody.
Log in screen.
What we can do.
We can see if they click on the register test.
Want to have your time.
I think we have this before.
From that, basically they decided, okay, on top.
Okay.
Great.
Should have this in already.
So now you're going to see Navigator.
Navigator sort of contest the Dutch.
Whoosh.
Okay, now this is going to be my Syria page.
ROBERTS okay.
Great for the DEA.
There is going to be contest.
They were using their function.
Then we can call that sign up page.
You can see the sign up page.
Okay.
Great.
Or trying to save or just to start this.
Okay.
Bleak on the surface.
Okay, great.
Okay, now, for the sake of mastery, you're gonna do this from scratch.
So what I can do, first of all, I'm going to give it to the camera.
Okay.
Now we're going to see a child.
The child is going to be a column which says we're going to render all our widgets vertically.
That is from top.
From top to bottom.
Right.
So this is going to be called.
Okay.
Now we are going to have what's it for widget so it has the children property so the first child is
going to be it says field.
Okay.
I said, it's going to look like you got this religious confidence.
So now you're going to have the decoration that's going to be the MP.
It's decoration.
Okay.
To contribute to make this way.
Now you can give me water.
It's good to be at mine.
If kids go to.
Right.
Okay.
I try to cover.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Good.
Now we can give it test.
All right.
Which is more like a place order.
You start doing CCS at the Oyster Bar.
Okay.
There's going to be.
Means test of user name first.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Now, what we can do over this column we can see made us this eloquent.
With us is I love wines.
The center.
Okay.
Go check it out.
Great.
Now you can see.
It's just too straight.
So now what you can do, we can give you whatever security you can give us like this or what they give
you for their videos.
So over here, we're going to see whether videos is going to be to.
Videos that secular of 20 journalists to save.
Okay.
You're trying to cover is true and.
Yes.
Okay, great.
Okay.
Now what you can do.
We can wrap this with the pods over this container.
We can see a pattern.
It's going to be edge insets.
As in said study hall that is for all sides or to give is face of 20.
Okay.
Great.
Now what you can do now?
I think you should have my studies.
I can copy this test field.
Okay.
First of all, you're going to give space to this test shoot at a distance view, and I'm going to give
this physiologically.
So you're going to have a size books.
Of.
Height of sweetie.
Okay.
Attitude, coma.
They're going to face this well before David was able to have a privacy icon.
So I'm going to say peripheries.
Icon is going to be icon widgets.
That is going to be.
I can't start.
Preston.
For us and for us.
Sorry, those two sent for us.
Okay.
Good.
So is it a user name?
It is going to be email.
And also we're going to have the crew freeze icon is going to be icon.
It is going to be icons that email.
Okay.
Great.
Go check it out.
Okay.
Now, as for the password.
Right.
So over this test field.
They're going to have a sizable house again.
And that's it.
That's just okay.
It was going to be height of 20 as well.
Okay.
The commodities.
This is going to be.
Password.
Okay.
Now we can we have the icon is going to be icon.
Then there's going to be icons.
Dot lock.
Right.
Okay.
Great.
Go check it out.
Okay, great.
Now, on your whole, what they're going to do is to heart that register protein, and that is to swish
what this that your test is going to a need.
So we already have an account that is going to take that user to the login page.
So you get that done yourself.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.